[viessmann] Initial contribution of Viessmann Binding (#212)
smarthomej/addons: bundles/org.smarthomej.binding.viessmann/README.md

* `name` - `i.e. openhab`
* `Google reCAPTCHA` - `off`
* `Redicect URI` - `http://localhost:8080/viessmann/authcode/`

## Supported Things

The binding supports the following thing types:

* `bridge` - Supports connection to the Viesmmann API.
* `device` - Provides a device which is connected (Discovery)

## Discovery

Discovery is supported for all devices connected in your account.

## Binding Configuration

The `bridge` thing supports the connection to the Viessmann API.

* `apiKey` (required) The API Key (Client ID) form the Viessman developer portal 
* `user` (required) The E-Mail address which is registered for the ViCare App
* `password` (required) The password which is registered for the ViCare App
* `installationId` (optional / it will be discovered) The installation Id which belongs to your installation 
* `gatewaySerial` (optional / it will be discovered) The gateway serial which belongs to your installation
* `apiCallLimit` (default = 1450) The limit how often call the API (*) 
* `bufferApiCommands` (default = 450) The buffer for commands (*)
* `pollingInterval` (default = 0) How often the available devices should be queried in seconds (**) 

> (*) Used to calcutate refresh time in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(*) Used to calculate refresh time in seconds.
```

> (**) If it's set to 0, then the interval will be calculated by the binding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(**) If set to 0, then the interval will be calculated by the binding.
```

## Thing Configuration

_All configurations are made in the UI_

## Channels

### `bridge`

| channel         | type   | RO/RW | description                          |
|-----------------|--------|-------|--------------------------------------|
| `countApiCalls` | Number |   RO  | How often the API is called this day |

### `device`

There are many different channels.

> The channels are automatically generaten for all available features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The channels are automatically generated for all available features.
```

How many channels are there? It would be useful to list what each channel does even if they are auto-created.

Author: All available channels(features) are listed in `resources/features.properties` It's over 100+ channels.
It also depends on the structure and the variant of the heating.

Reviewer: Ok. Then leave it as-is for the moment. I'll check later if we can auto-generate some documentation from the properties files.

# Viessmann Binding

_This binding connects Viessmann Heatings via the new Viessmann API._

> _It provides features like the ViCare-App._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This binding connects Viessmann Heatings via the new Viessmann API.
It provides features like the ViCare-App.
```

Use "_" only in special circumstances.

## Note / Important

> You have to register your ViCare Account at the Viessmann developer portal and create a API Key (Client ID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to register your ViCare Account at the Viessmann developer portal and create an API Key (Client ID).
```

* `name` - `i.e. openhab`
* `Google reCAPTCHA` - `off`
* `Redicect URI` - `http://localhost:8080/viessmann-api/authcode/`

## Supported Things

The binding supports the following thing types:

* `bridge` - Supports connection to the Viesmmann API.
* `device` - Provides a device which is connected (Discovery)

## Discovery

> _It discover all devices wich are connected through your account._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discovery is supported for all devices connected in your account.
```

## Binding Configuration

The `bridge` thing supports the connection to the Viessmann API.

* `apiKey` (required) The API Key (Client ID) form the Viessman developer portal 
* `user` (required) The E-Mail address which is registered for the ViCare App
* `password` (required) The password which is registered for the ViCare App
* `installationId` (optional / it will be discovered) The installation Id which belongs to your installation 
* `gatewaySerial` (optional / it will be discovered) The gateway serial which belongs to your installation
* `apiTimeout` (default = 22) Time in seconds to allow API request to complete
* `apiCallLimit` (default = 1450) The limit how often call the API (*) 
* `bufferApiCommands` (default = 450) The buffer for commands (*)

> (*) It is used for calcutating the time how often the data is queried in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(*) Used to calcutate refresh time in seconds.
```

## Thing Configuration

_All configurations are made in the UI_

## Channels

### `bridge`

| channel         | type   | RO/RW | description                          |
|-----------------|--------|-------|--------------------------------------|
| `countApiCalls` | Number |   RO  | How often the API is called this day |

### `device`

> _There are many different channels. The channels are automaticaly generaten for all available fetaures_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many different channels.
The channels are automatically generaten for all available features.
```

## Full Example

> _TODO_

Reviewer: Remove if you don't provide an example. In general you can configure automatically added channels in .things files. Most of the time this is confusing. I'm fine with leaving this out.
